---
layout: post
title: "A Step Nearer to an Online Identity"
description: "Steps towards building a legitimate online identity"
category: articles
tags: [privacy, internet, online, identity, security]
comments: true
---

After a full days work, this website and my online identity are nearing completion. Something I considered for some time before the set up of this website is the role of an online identity and any of the associated privacy concerns. I came to the conclusion that despite my efforts, a great deal of my personal identity was already out there, irreversibly sprawled across the internet. As concerning as this conclusion is, the real question is does it really matter?

In short, not at all. The fact of the matter is that, any individual that wants to target you, will quite easily find their way to your personal information. There are so many institutions out there which will hold and transfer your information, that it's inevitable that somewhere along the line, there will be a system which is easy to compromise.  The more information someone obtains, the easier it becomes to obtain further information. For example, it would be a relatively simple task to follow a target around until they use an insecure WiFi network, acquire their email login and reset the password of any linked services. The information contained on these individual services would allow you to build up a full identity of a person.

So you're left with two options, openly distribute your personal information or live as a hermit. Of course, there are ways you can mitigate information spread, but there must always be a level of faith in the security of the institutions you're a part of; there will always be something or someone that holds and transfers your information insecurely. Ultimately, your only real security is through obscurity, why would anyone want to target you specifically? My conclusion, guard your logins fervently, keep anything truly personal offline and don't worry about access to your personal identity online.

And so, I've decided to link together all my social networking sites, personal projects and general online presence. The aim is to ease my own administration and to simplify look up for anyone interested. To this end you should find the name kahlos completely and utterly linked to Callum Vincent the physics undergraduate.
